Oh guys I uh I comment that said I just
got my new master mod and I don't really
know how to use it or don't really know
how like it works order I wouldn't say
I'm the best this but I will try because
I came at the most work for the first
page on the instructions there's be
right and X so and it says 20 different
slots so that means you there's 20
different slots you have so if you hit
it 15 times that's the 15th slot if you
hit it 20 x 20 slots ok and then there's
quick mod off and on pretty much just
like and just turn off your mod like
really fast or something and there is
the reset enter game mode selection it's
pretty much all I do this is I go d pad
right this pump line mw2 which is
currently going right now um come on and
got to find the instructions here
there's way too much instructions for
this controller there we go a condom so
modern warfare 3 like the mode for all
that stuff is designed for MW free from
modern warfare 3 so it works best for a
modern warfare 3 like for that mode it's
not the greatest on FAL so you can use
the adjustable rapid fire mode um so it
says d left and then RT that's not on
and off when you pull the trigger the
fourth LED flash and that's how fast
it's going to shoot and then to turn
that back off if you don't want them
anymore you just keep at left RT then
there's d-pad left and lt which changes
do the exact same thing there's a Kimbo
LT plus RT plus d left turn it off same
thing that's going to take up third and
fourth led be careful when you're
looking because the LEDs will change and
what not and then there's auto burst
which is only it can't do mw3 because
they did a little weird thing with it
the otoscope / autorun feature all
otoscope is is when you zoom in it'll
automatically hold your breath and auto
run all you have to do is just tap the
left trigger which the mod already just
automatically taps the left stick which
makes you run so that's how you do that
there's quick knife which you're going
to need to uh have like claim or
something on in there drop shot after
you use the drop shot one so you're
going to hold LT you have to heat you
can't get up using be or it'll not go on
anymore it won't turn off it just won't
work
next time you hit the trigger you have
to hit a to stand up then you have fast
reload it doesn't work on every single
gun but it works on pretty much every
gun and there is a way to get it so does
work on every gun I just haven't used
that much and then there's battlefield 3
rapid fire all that stuff drop shot have
to put a to stand up again you can't
just hit B or whatever to stand up or
it's not gonna work auto spot feature
for that is d-pad left and then back and
pretty much i'm pretty sure all you have
to do I don't even have a game but you
just have to like scope in at the person
and that's pretty much the same as
here's war which is going to be your
next things which back back button it's
going to like it kind of confusing so
you go back button and RB and then third
and fourth it says it's gonna illuminate
ballin momentarily which means it's just
gonna flash that means it's on so then
you can turn on your auto mark your auto
revive and all that stuff and the quick
read the not quick rat the active reload
and all the mod and all that stuff for
like down below that's there um there's
only the last thing we're going to talk
about I'm not very organized adjustable
rapid fire which I would recommend using
for some of this stuff because yeah it's
just kind of better for because like the
mods too fast so it's not gonna go as
good so first of all you want to select
your slot
remember that's d-pad Fisher that was
the pet right right and then RT or X on
our team la bete and then the thing is
going to flash you go up or down to
increase or decrease the rate of the mod
and then hold our tea and it'll shoot in
the game then you have the decrease
pulse you can kind of mess around with
these because some fun will have
different meanings and then some will
make it better for some could make it
worse like it says sometimes making it
go more faster or faster rate of fire
isn't always best and then there's save
well you just hit the back button and
then that adjustable rapid fire is saved
on to that slot so then you have to be
like ok mode all right slot 15 so you
have to go d pad right and then 15 times
and then that's going to be like FAL or
whatever you're going to use that for so
I hope that helped um if you need more
help with controller don't be scared to
leave a comment I can always help you or
send your message you're afraid to add
me on line my name its probe been seen
in the video about 50 times that's
pretty much it so peace out and enjoy
your new controllers
you